Update CI Visibility documentation (#20813)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/code_coverage.md

[101]: https://github.com/coverlet-coverage/coverlet
[102]: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/test/customizing-code-coverage-analysis?view=vs-2022
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Java" %}}

### Compatibility
* `dd-trace-java >= 1.24.2`.

When code coverage is available, the Datadog Tracer reports it under the `test.code_coverage.lines_pct` tag for your test sessions.

> Currently, [Jacoco][201] is the only supported code coverage library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Jacoco][101] is supported as a code coverage library.
```

> If your project already has Jacoco configured, the tracer will automatically instrument it and will report the coverage data to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project already has Jacoco configured, the Datadog Tracer instruments it and reports the coverage data to Datadog automatically.
```

Otherwise, you can configure the tracer to add Jacoco to your test runs at runtime.

> Use `DD_CIVISIBILITY_JACOCO_PLUGIN_VERSION` environment variable to specify which [version][202] of Jacoco you want to have injected (e.g. `DD_CIVISIBILITY_JACOCO_PLUGIN_VERSION=0.8.11`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `DD_CIVISIBILITY_JACOCO_PLUGIN_VERSION` environment variable to specify which [version of Jacoco][102] you want to have injected (for example: `DD_CIVISIBILITY_JACOCO_PLUGIN_VERSION=0.8.11`).
```

> [201]: https://www.eclemma.org/jacoco/
> [202]: https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jacoco/org.jacoco.agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[101]: https://www.eclemma.org/jacoco/
[102]: https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jacoco/org.jacoco.agent
```
